c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\PruebaMuseo.dll
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\PruebaMuseo.pdb
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\PruebaMuseo.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\PruebaMuseo_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\PruebaMuseo.g.resources
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\PruebaMuseo.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\PruebaMuseo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\PruebaMuseo.dll
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\PruebaMuseo.pdb
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\zamgu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\Inicio.g.cs
C:\Users\ZamGu\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MuseoAmparo.g.cs
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\PruebaMuseo.dll
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\PruebaMuseo.pdb
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\PruebaMuseo.build.appxrecipe
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\PruebaMuseo_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\Inicio.g.cs
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MuseoAmparo.g.cs
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\PruebaMuseo.g.resources
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\PruebaMuseo.Resources.AppResources.resources
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\PruebaMuseo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\PruebaMuseo.dll
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\PruebaMuseo.pdb
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
F:\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\PruebaMuseo.dll
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\PruebaMuseo.pdb
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\PruebaMuseo.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\Bin\Debug\PruebaMuseo_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\Inicio.g.cs
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\PruebaMuseo.g.resources
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\PruebaMuseo.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\PruebaMuseo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\PruebaMuseo.dll
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\PruebaMuseo.pdb
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MuseosArte\BarrioArtista.g.cs
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MuseosArte\MuseoAmparo.g.cs
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MuseosArte\CCU.g.cs
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MuseosArte\TecDeMonterrey.g.cs
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MuseosArte\FototecaJuan.g.cs
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MuseosArte\GaleriaArte.g.cs
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MuseosInteractivos\MuseoImagina.g.cs
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MuseosInteractivos\Planetario.g.cs
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MuseosInteractivos\MuseoViviente.g.cs
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MuseosInteractivos\Talavera.g.cs
C:\Users\alex_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\PruebaMuseo\PruebaMuseo\obj\Debug\MuseosHistoria\Serdan.g.cs
